Update README.md (#195)
asyncapi/generator: README.md

  Options:

    -V, --version                  output the version number

>     -w, --watch                    watches the template directory and the AsyncAPI document for change, and re-generate the files when they occour.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    -w, --watch                    watches the template directory and the AsyncAPI document for change, and re-generate the files when they occur.
```

>     -w, --watch                    watches the template directory and the async api document for change, and re-generate the files when they occour.

Reviewer: Now that you're here, can you please fix "async api"? It should be "AsyncAPI" because it's a brand name.

In the template you can use it like this: ` {{ params.title }}`

### File templating

> To separate functionality into files, one can specify a filename like `$$channel$$.js` to generate a file for each channel defined in your async api document. The following separations are supported: `$$channel$$`, `$$message$$`, `$$schema$$`, `$$parameter$$` and `$$securityScheme$$`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To separate functionality into files, one can specify a filename like `$$channel$$.js` to generate a file for each channel defined in your AsyncAPI document. The following separations are supported: `$$channel$$`, `$$message$$`, `$$schema$$`, `$$parameter$$` and `$$securityScheme$$`.
```
